1. What is NPM?
- NPM (node package manager) is a tool to manage libraries and packages for js. it helps install,update,share reusable code.

2. What is Parcel/Vite? Why do we need it?
- parcel and vite are modern build tools that bundle js,css and other assests for faster and optimized application.

3.3. What is .parcel-cache?
.parcel-cache is a folder generated by parcel to store intermediate build results.

4. What is npx?
npx is a command line that comes with npm. it allows you to run node.js packages without installing them globally.

5. What is the difference between dependencies and devDependencies?
dependencies - Required for the app to run in production. eg: react
devDependencies - Required only for development  eg: testing libraries

6. What is Tree Shaking?
Removes unused code from a project,reduces final bundle size.

7. What is Hot Module Replacement (HMR)?
Hot Module Replacement (HMR) updates parts of an application without reloading the entire page during development.

8. List Your Favorite 5 Superpowers of Parcel and Describe Any 3
 - Tree shaking
 - Hot Module Replacement (HMR)
 - Zero configuration
 - Automatic Code Splitting
 - Support for Multiple Languages and Assets

Automatic Code Splitting - parcel automatically splits the application into smaller based on the usage of code.
ensures only necessary code is loaded for each page,which helps to optimize initial load time and improves performance for large application.
Tree shaking - Removes unused code from a project,reduces final bundle size.
Hot Module Replacement (HMR) - It updates parts of an application without reloading the entire page during development.

9. What is .gitignore? What Should We Add and Not Add Into It?
.gitignore - A file that tells git to ignore and not track in version control.
Add to .gitignore - files that change frequently and not part of main project like( node_modules/,parcel.cache/,dist).
do not add - Source Code (src/): Your application's main code files, as these are essential for the project.
Add essential files to Git, so they’re shared.
Add temporary or sensitive files to .gitignore, so they’re ignored.

10. What is the Difference Between package.json and package-lock.json?
package.json - contains the list of dependencies like name,version,scripts.
package-lock.json - locks the exact versions of dependencies to ensure the same setup for every user.

11. Why Should I Not Modify package-lock.json?
It ensures everyone uses the exact same versions of libraries to avoid bugs or mismatches.
manually changing it can mess up dependency versions and break the project.always let npm manage it automatically.

12.What is node_modules? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
It's a folder that stores all the libraries (dependencies) your project needs.
You get it when you run npm install.
Don't push it to Git because:
It’s very big.
Others can recreate it using your package.json file by running npm install.

13. What is the dist folder?
It's the folder that contains the final version of your project.
This version is ready to be deployed or shared (optimized and clean).
It usually has:
Small, fast files like minified JS, CSS, and optimized images.

14. What is browserslist?
It’s a file or setting that tells tools like Babel which browsers your project should support.
Example:
"Support the last 2 versions of every browser."
"Support browsers used by more than 0.5% of people."
